Composable mint schedules functions (#126)
soundxyz/sdk: .changeset/many-suns-leave.md

---
'@soundxyz/sdk': minor
---

> Composable mint schedules functions with "contractRegisteredMinters","contractMinterMintIds" and "contractMintSchedules"

Author: ```suggestion
Composable mint schedules functions with "editionRegisteredMinters","editionMinterMintIds", "editionScheduleIds" and "editionMintSchedules"
```
